Update grant-mssp-access.md (#11922)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/grant-mssp-access.md

    - **Tier 2 Analysts**

>       Tier 1 capabilities with the addition to [live response](live-response.md) and Manage Security Settings in Security Center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Tier 1 capabilities with the addition of [live response](live-response.md) and managing security settings in Microsoft Defender Security Center.
```
